README.md, before:

<a href="https://travis-ci.org/ireznik/StarshipMayflower"><img src="https://travis-ci.org/feibeck/StarshipMayflower.svg?branch=master"></a>
Starship Mayflower
==================

A starship bridge simulator running in your browser.

Prerequisites
=============

Install npm.

Install via npm:
- bower
- pomelo

Install
=======

This project is build using node.js and the Pomelo game server framework. You need to install all dependencies by running the script

```
$ npm-install.sh
```
(or npm-install.bat) in you working copy. This will install grunt, grunt-cli, less and other dependencies.

The webserver uses bower for frontend dependencies. Run

```
$ cd web-server
$ bower install
```

The frontend uses LESS for generating CSS files. The grunt task for starting the web-server generates on startup a new CSS file.


You can look into the scripts-dir: the install.sh should do all for you.


Run server
==========

Start game-server server by:

```
$ cd ../game-server
$ pomelo start
```

Start in a new shell the web-server by:

```
$ cd web-server
$ grunt start
```

Open your browser and visit http://localhost:3001

HF

Commit message:

extracted dublicated package.json data and modified read.me for basic usage

README.md, after:

<a href="https://travis-ci.org/ireznik/StarshipMayflower"><img src="https://travis-ci.org/feibeck/StarshipMayflower.svg?branch=master"></a>
Starship Mayflower
==================

A starship bridge simulator running in your browser.

Prerequisites
=============

Install npm.

Install via npm:
- bower
- pomelo

Install
=======

This project is build using node.js and the Pomelo game server framework. You need to install all dependencies by running the script

```
$ npm-install.sh
```
(or npm-install.bat) in you working copy. This will install grunt, grunt-cli, less and other dependencies.

You can look into the scripts-dir: the install.sh should do all for you.

Run server(s)
==========
Basic grunt task are available from the webserver folder for both servers - game & webserver:

- start, stop and restart

Recommended usage:
```
$ grunt start
```
This task watches for code changes, and restarts the webserver if any change was detected inside the less files.
Furthermore the task will compile valid CSS stylesheets from the defined less sources, before starting the web & gameserver.

Open your browser and visit http://localhost:3001

HF
